adds linux as platform to pub dev #1734 (#1735)
Baseflow/flutter-geolocator: geolocator/CHANGELOG.md

## 14.0.2

- Adds section about `UIBackgroundModes` to the README. 

> - Adds Linux as s supported platform to pubdev. 

Reviewer: Small typo:
```suggestion
- Adds Linux as a supported platform to pubspec. 
```
